Remove Helm Charts (#304)
kyma-incubator/reconciler: resources/README.md

> Reconciler Helm Charts have been moved to https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/tree/main/resources/kcp/charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reconciler Helm Charts were moved to the [`control-plane` repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/tree/main/resources/kcp/charts).
```
